so I haven't made a video for getting on
a week that is mostly because now don't
have an excuse there's very little light
in my flat because most of the bulbs
have gone so this is in the hallway I've
got a tiny little nap going in the
living room there's no light and kitchen
or the bathroom so this is just the one
place in the head where there's almost
enough light to do this by but it's
quite difficult see this is the best I
can do with the exposure put right the
way up with a light in my room it's not
really good for them so I'm in a
different place in the house if I did
add a boat shoot then I could have done
it on my sofa the light would have been
streaming in all the window but it
didn't do that because they've been
playing on the PlayStation all day all
day yeah that's right I have not been
writing my novel all week I've been
meaning to write one over a week and I
haven't I haven't written one word not
one word nothing nada so it's fine now
I'm fine about it I've written more than
18,000 words this month which is more
than I would've written if I hadn't
written if that makes sense it sort of
does one thing that I have been doing
this month is procrastinating wildly and
doing other comedy things I did couple
gigs I've got another gig coming up in
in December that's a good one were
actually emceeing for beta games theta
games that will be good I've got a
couple of other gigs getting up and I've
been doing various other things on the
internet that are around if you look
mostly at me fail me
and there was an article about me in the
South Wales office last week so that's
good it's a two page feature juicy giant
me life-size look massive aren't ready
yet I'm just looking at the pictures I
don't want to read it pictures of me
when I was a little kid in it
Final Fantasy 10 I've never played it
before I was so into Final Fantasy 7 I
just played it all the time when final
fantasy 7 came out my brother had
PlayStation and I didn't have one so i
used to have to give him money to play
on his playstation that's what I do I
gave him an absolute fortune today on
final fantasy 7 it was ridiculous I
remember i named the lead character I
think his name's Claire word really but
I called him fishy do because that made
me laugh for some bizarre reason
unfortunately when you've made the
carriage you can't name the character
back again so I was stuck with playing
with fishy do for hours and hours and
hours and hours and hours because I
actually ended up giving my brother more
than 100 pounds to play on his
playstation that's partly the reason why
I tried not to play final fantasy 10 but
all this time but it was there taunting
me looking at me egging me to play it so
I did and to be fair although I should
probably have written a novel I didn't
write a novel I didn't have the internet
for a lot that time so I haven't been
playing on the internet as much as I
used to which is a big crack of my time
and I have been looking for things I've
been looking for gigs I've been doing
loads of work I have been doing work but
i've also been playing on the
playstation 2 for a long time so god
help me if i ever get a nintendo wii wii
I don't think it's a good idea to get
one of those partners about the don't
have the money to get one of those why
would i pay for wii u get a free week
that's that's terrible isn't
spend a penny on we anyway not going to
do that I hope this is light enough food
to see and then I end with an extreme
closeup extreme close up in order to
show up all the floors in my face oh I
wasn't boo cracking life forward anyway